KOGITO-5675 - Rename Kogito prometheus metrics prefix from kie_ to ko… (#3834)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/release-notes/chap-kogito-release-notes.adoc

quarkus.datasource.password=kogito-pass
------

==== Renamed Prometheus metrics of {PRODUCT} monitoring add-ons

> The {PRODUCT} metrics provided by `kogito-addons-quarkus-monitoring-prometheus` and `kogito-addons-springboot-monitoring-prometheus` have changed from:

Author: @briandooley I've reworked it a bit, let me know what you think

quarkus.datasource.password=kogito-pass
------

==== Breaking change on metrics name provided by {PRODUCT} Prometheus monitoring add-ons

The metrics name provided by {PRODUCT} Prometheus monitoring add-ons (`kogito-addons-quarkus-monitoring-prometheus` or `kogito-addons-springboot-monitoring-prometheus`) have changed from:

- kie_process_instance_started_total
- kie_process_instance_sla_violated_total
- kie_process_instance_completed_total
- kie_process_instance_running_total
- kie_process_instance_duration_seconds
- kie_work_item_duration_seconds

To:

- kogito_process_instance_started_total
- kogito_process_instance_sla_violated_total
- kogito_process_instance_completed_total
- kogito_process_instance_running_total
- kogito_process_instance_duration_seconds
- kogito_work_item_duration_seconds

> Please revisit any consumer, ex Grafana, where these metric names are consumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, you can see any consumer such as Grafana, where these metric names are consumed.
```

Author: hm not sure this one works. In here I mean that users should review any tool they have, for instance, Grafana, that consume these metrics, as it is likely they would need to be fixed/changed.

Author: maybe _any tool_ ?

Reviewer: Sure, we can change this to "For more details, you can see any tool such as Grafana, where these metric names are used."

Author: done

> For more details about how to use these metrics, please visit our documentation about {URL_CONFIGURING_KOGITO}#proc-prometheus-metrics-monitoring_kogito-configuring[_Enabling Prometheus metrics monitoring in Kogito_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about how to use these metrics, see {URL_CONFIGURING_KOGITO}#proc-prometheus-metrics-monitoring_kogito-configuring[_Enabling Prometheus metrics monitoring in Kogito_].
```

Author: done
